content/events/2025/event-dataengineering-meetup copy/index.md, before:

---
title: Scaling Data Pipelines @Magenta Telekom
type: event
summary: "Presenting at the Data Engineering Meetup about scaling data pipelines at Magenta Telekom using Pixi."
date: 2025-04-09T18:00:00
authors:
  - geoheil
  - aleks
tags:
  - Event 
  - Data Engineering
  - Data Platform Architecture
# Name of event and optional event URL.
event: "Vienna Data Engineering Meetup 18"
event_url: "https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/vienna-data-engineering-meetup/events/306930427/?eventOrigin=group_upcoming_events"

links: 
  - name: video
    url:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GX508If6ol0
---
In our T-centar we presented our arhitecture, decisions and learnings while creating Magenta Telekom data platform. Slides and more pictures from the event can be found on George Heiler [blog post](https://georgheiler.com/event/dataengineering-meetup-2025/).

We also have a prerecoded video of the presentation available on YouTube: [Scaling Data Pipelines @Magenta Telekom](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example).

Commit message:

add link to authors; add duckdb blog link to georg blog

content/events/2025/event-dataengineering-meetup copy/index.md, after:

---
title: Scaling Data Pipelines @Magenta Telekom
type: event
summary: "Presenting at the Data Engineering Meetup about scaling data pipelines at Magenta Telekom using Pixi."
date: 2025-04-09T18:00:00
authors:
  - geoheil
  - aleks
tags:
  - Event 
  - Data Engineering
  - Data Platform Architecture
# Name of event and optional event URL.
event: "Vienna Data Engineering Meetup 18"
event_url: "https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/vienna-data-engineering-meetup/events/306930427/?eventOrigin=group_upcoming_events"

links: 
  - name: video
    url:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GX508If6ol0
---
At our T-Center, we presented our architecture, decisions, and learnings while creating the Magenta Telekom data platform. Slides and more pictures from the event can be found on Georg Heiler's [blog post](https://georgheiler.com/event/dataengineering-meetup-2025/).

We also have a pre-recorded video of the presentation available on YouTube: [Scaling Data Pipelines @Magenta Telekom]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GX508If6ol0 ).
